sdk-tutorials blog - fixing Handlers link reference (#508)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: blog/tutorial/01-index.md

Going back to `GetCmdCreatePost` in `x/blog/client/cli/tx.go`, you'll see `MsgCreatePost` being created and broadcast with `GenerateOrBroadcastMsgs`.

> After being broadcast, the messages are processed by an important part of the application, called [**handlers**](https://docs.cosmos.network/master/building-modules/handler.html#handlers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After being broadcast, the messages are processed by an important part of the application, called [**handlers**](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.39/building-modules/handler.html).
```

Reviewer: as per @Tosch110 's recommendation

Author: Fixed, thanks :)
